Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
RUNAWAY
SPRING FLOWERS
CPNY Journalism Award
Two years in a row. well done.
Yes. thank you.
Alert the media.
Oh wait. it's us.
And here we are at the golden keyboard.
For the story or the series. which constitutes an exceptional undertaking.
or an investigative report. our first New York Vanguard nominee is Andy Sachs.
For Cœurs de Ville. Stories of Resilience.
Our second Gotham Sentinel nominee is George Ali for The Subway Affair.
For World Report. Yvonne Simpson for The Cost of Medical Care is fired.
From the New York Metro Constitution. Daniel Goldbaum for Fighting Fire and Fire.
That's everyone.
And the winner is Andy Sachs.
Oh. thank you for this price.
Sorry. I know I look shocked and sad instead of shocked and happy.
And that's because I simply have a whole table full of talented people.
award-winning professionals.
From my newspaper. the Vanguard. who have just been fired.
Via SMS.
We understand that journalism is evolving. but it's still devastating when it happens to you.
It turns out that our parent company is recording an asset impairment of $500 million.
So. to use a technical term. we're busted.
A journalist reveals that the staff
His newspaper employee was fired via SMS.
I can't believe they fired everyone.
At least it's a good picture of you.
It's just terrible for everyone at the newspaper.
John's wife is expecting their second baby soon.
Allison has just bought a house.
Besides. it's so unfair.
The CEO of the company that owns the newspaper pocketed $11 million last year.
Explain that to me.
I can't do it.
But you'll get through this.
I don't know. though.
Everyone I know has gone through these layoffs. staff reductions. consolidations.
It's just brutal.
Finally. I know I'm lucky.
I know that many people have it worse than me.
Most people have it worse than me.
It's just that. I'll get through this.
I'll get through this.
It's so unfair.
You worked like crazy for two whole decades.
All over the country and the world. and you never took the easy way out.
I have never slept with a colleague.
And.
Two.
In short. the fact is that I've never slept with anyone who could have helped me move forward.
Just the beautiful. the powerless.
Are you sure you don't want to come and work for me at the gallery?
I need someone who knows how to write proper texts.
And you. you need a job.
That's adorable.
No. thank you.
Not yet.
So. when do I tell him?
All right.
Alright.
Wait.
Are you sure the story won't break tonight?
Pierre says we have a day or two.
Well. that's something. at least.
So I won't tell him anything until tomorrow.
No need to ruin the evening.
All right.
Gorgeous !
I don't think you'll want to do that.
Oh my God.
Runway publishes a praising article
a brand that exploits its employees
Let's go.
No. not tonight.
Hello.
I just wanted to let you know that the story has broken online.
And the fashion world has already embraced it.
How serious is it?
A disaster.
It went completely viral.
Do you want to take a look?
Nigel. can I see this?
Do I have my glasses?
Of course.
In short. you're being blamed for absolutely everything.
Oh my God. Irma is going to lose it.
Yeah.
And the timing couldn't be worse.
I know.
Stand up straight.
Let's take responsibility.
Oh. it's that dreadful company called Speedfash.
They lied to us about their working conditions.
They deceived our journalists.
So now we're being accused of advertising this absolutely horrible company.
How far will some people go to make a profit?
So now we're the bad guys of the day.
Served hot by the red wine.
Well. good for you. I say.
It always ends up being the most interesting part.
Oh my God. Irma.
Ah. that's my signal to go walk the dog.
Come on Jude. let's get started.
Good morning.
What is this. Miranda?
Dad. look at this.
We're getting torn apart online.
I'm getting furious emails from advertising buyers for Tiffany Fendi.
Bulgari !
Well. I...
Who's going to pay for your prize book?
I've already spoken to the advertisers.
I'm meeting them tomorrow morning.
And I'll have a very direct conversation with Ash.
Don't do that.
I'll fix that.
The timing is terrible.
I'm thinking about a huge change for you.
And then it happens.
Dad. this is serious.
Even the journalists are tearing the track apart.
And all of Alaska is disappearing.
Our monkeys. our circus.
I know.
How are we going to regain any credibility at all?
Look at this.
Because some things are worth no more than money.
Journalism still matters. damn it!
Journalism matters. The Vanguard
fires award-winning journalists.
What keeps this woman standing?
Yeah.
DO YOU WANT TAKEAWAY LIES?
Miranda Priestley ?
I thought she was smarter than that.
I just think you're not being relevant.
It's a relic.
Who said it was a dinosaur?
I know. I shouldn't be looking at you. but do you know I'll be in Yellowstone?
Non. Chloe.
Hello ?
Andy Sachs ?
Yes ?
Irv Ravitz.
What speech did you give today?
Oh yes ?
Hello.
It looks like you're looking for a job.
I can't believe I'm considering going back to work at that magazine.
How does it sound?
Double what I was earning at the Vanguard.
And Earth promised that I would have a real budget to tell stories and hire real writers like you.
So I don't know.
Hey. nobody here is judging you.
I am currently editing the memoirs of one of Paris Hilton's chihuahuas. an "applehead" breed pom-pom named Chetan.
To be clear. you can hire us.
Your complete abandonment of your principles means a great deal.
To your health.
Do you know what you could do?
If you accepted the position. you could write a book.
The definitive exposé on Miranda Priestly.
No. I couldn't do that.
An insider's book about Miranda could be huge.
I'm going to send a text message to my boss.
No. no. no. no. no.
I bet you don't dare.
50.000 for that.
No. no. really. don't do that.
No. no. no. guys. I'll never be hired by anyone again.
Yeah. she has an argument.
A girl complaining about her boss?
Okay. he said that a well-written proposal. and we all know you write well. could earn you around $100.000.
No. no. I'm sorry.
No. I'm just not that person.
I am not.
Maybe I can do something with this job.
Rugby has a history of publishing great writers.
No. I'm going to go tomorrow with a big smile and I'm going to do something with this job.
All right ?
Don't worry. I've fixed it.
Be ready at 9am. Irv.
And you know who demanded we be in town by 9:15. so how do we do both?
We don't have time for that.
What does he mean by 'I fixed that'?
No idea.
Your 9am appointment is here.
Good morning.
Miranda.
Nigel.
What did TJ Maxx write?
Good morning.
Thank you very much for this opportunity.
I must admit I was really surprised when Irv called.
I mean. a lot of time has passed. but I'm just...
I am so happy to have the chance to...
Pardon.
Who is it ?
Do you know her?
You might remember Andy.
She was one of the Emilys.
One of what?
Emily from...
Mandy Sachs.
The smart. fat girl.
I was one of your assistants ages ago.
Perhaps Irv hasn't told you everything.
And Irv sent you here to...
Head the feature articles department.
To be the editor-in-chief of feature articles.
He hired me last night.
He didn't tell you?
So. he said that it was necessary...
Runway should regain control of the Speedpatch storyline.
And that it restores its credibility.
He thought someone with my expertise would be a good idea.
But I thought you had given your approval.
And we are delighted.
And that's why I ended up like this...
Amari.
Yes.
Please put Ashley online.
Hello Miranda.
Yes. Ashley.
I'm flying in the plane.
In short. we don't need you this morning.
Never.
So. mind your own business.
And the human resources department will be in touch with you shortly.
Satisfied ?
You just cost the head of Cornell her job.
I believe she was the first in her family to go to university.
Anyway. go ahead.
Come on.
You should have that checked out.
The injury. the condition or whatever is making you drag your feet.
So. I was thinking that upon our return to the office.
We could sit down and review some of your priorities.
I could share some of my ideas on the editorial direction of the magazine.
But first. an important advertiser needs to be appeased.
Is that what you call it?
Yes.
They are furious about fast fashion.
God knows what they'll make me confess.
Free advertising space.
Targeted editorial content.
Cornea.
Thankfully. I'm not worried.
Because I have you.
Sent from above to help redirect a century-old institution.
With the benefit of your infinite wisdom and...
What ?
Oh. from your expertise.
Dior represents 16% of our design spending.
And our main sponsors for all our special events. which are not cheap.
All right.
Fix that.
We're taking care of it.
Who should we talk to?
Am I hallucinating?
Emily. salut.
Wow.
Do you know her too?
Well. we were at Runway at the same time. Miranda.
Really ?
Where was I?
Exact.
Um. shall we go?
Miss Charlton. you are radiant.
It seems that retail still suits you well.
Nigel. are you hanging on by your nails?
Do you remember when magazines were getting thinner?
Very well. everyone come in.
Sit down.
There is a lot to discuss.
Um. who would you like to start with?
So. uh. I'm the new editor-in-chief of new products at Runway.
No. you are not.
Are you kidding?
Ah good.
Miracles do happen.
No. I'm a journalist now.
I was published in...
Never mind.
In short. we are all well aware that publishing this story was a mistake and we are taking immediate action.
I can't believe it.
That's truly remarkable.
Editor-in-chief at Runway.
You.
Yes.
We are all so thrilled.
The funny thing is. you've changed.
You've changed.
You are much more confident.
You kept your eyebrows. though. didn't you?
Uh. yes. Miranda. phew. how are you?
I mean. what a disaster.
I had to calm a lot of people down.
Because. as you know. our association with Runway and with you is based on your impeccable reputation.
A momentary slip of the tongue.
And we are doing everything we can to rectify the situation with you.
Well. because I was quite shocked when I read that.
No. I am sure. as you can understand. that it is also important that we have editorial freedom.
We must maintain our journalistic integrity.
Integrity. I see.
La la la. Andy.
That's very kind of you.
Well. help yourself to the standards. Galore.
But if there are no advertisers. there is no Runway.
Not us. not you.
And we understand that perfectly.
Ah. good.
I think that following your erroneous judgment. there are just a few small things we would like to sort out.
We are thinking of at least three pages of advertising credit and an article about the opening of our new flagship.
Six pages.
Three.
No. five.
Four.
Excuse me. are we at the fish market. Nigel?
That's five. with mentions of the brand in all the captions.
Miranda ?
Absolutely. we'll take care of it immediately.
Super.
I'm confused.
Do you let them tell you what to do?
Because if I'm here to restore your credibility...
Didn't you hear it?
Neither them nor us.
We need our advertisers. Andrea.
The September issue is already so thin you could use it to floss.
Advertisers are important.
I know I'm not new here. but...
Let's be clear.
You didn't deserve this position.
I didn't hire you.
You are a...
CEO's whim.
And all I have to do is wait for you to fail.
And you will fail.
You will fail.
Why don't you take the train. my dear?
Subway station
They're just eyebrows.
Hello.
We didn't present ourselves well yesterday.
I am Andy Sachs.
Charlie.
I am the second assistant.
Hi. Charlie.
Hello.
Everyone calls me Charlie with a chair. if you will. because I'm already the one who leaves their office.
Oh no. it's not a big deal.
One million girls were killed for this spectacle.
I heard that.
Has Miranda been here for a long time?
Maybe a week.
Ah. there you are.
I am on time.
So. you're the kind of person who thinks that being on time is being on time.
Okay understood.
Come on. let's go.
I'll go directly to your office.
I am worried.
Are you in a competition?
Please. I had a protégé.
Oh.
Was it worth it?
Non.
Actually. I should probably talk to Miranda first.
I'll take you to your office.
Good luck. Charlie.
THANKS.
So. I had your job.
I heard.
That's such a remarkable fact.
Yes. in 2006.
I was supposed to go to Paris Fashion Week.
I bought lots of pieces from the Chanel collection that year.
Oh. wait. the one with the page hats.
I hope it was love.
Have you always kept everything?
No. I gave it my all.
What ?
That would have been a bit too much for an essay.
That's you.
Oh. okay.
And that was Ashley's office?
No. Miranda wanted you to have this one for a reason.
For a reason. of course.
Are you with the Salvation Army?
I stole them for you.
All from this season.
What ?
Lie about where you got them.
There are others coming.
But you mustn't be greedy.
The cafeteria?
Awesome.
Martha?
Come on.
This place doesn't bother me.
Ah good ?
Margiela ?
Established as an improvement.
11 months.
Do you want Mom to hear something. darling?
Not bad.
Dear ?
Ah. Kate.
A winding road that leads us back to me.
Looking at you. you little scoundrel. you're going to fall.
It makes me so happy to see you. Nathan.
Marta is very lucky that you're still with the magazine.
What magazine?
You should know that Runway ceased to be a magazine years ago.
I mean. we always have a book. but practically no one buys it.
Ah good ?
We are digital. we are downloadable. we are streaming.
We are in the ether.
And what about the budgets?
I was entitled to four weeks in Africa with Adderall for an icy sprint.
And now I'm lucky if I get two days at Milk Studios to shoot content that people scroll through while urinating.
Good.
Yes ?
Is it just me. or is Miranda particularly hyperactive?
Do you see her outside of New York?
I thought his head was going to come off.
She's on edge because Irv is about to appoint her global head of content.
No way. it's a huge job.
But the problem is that a speedflash fiasco could ruin everything.
What you're saying is that she needs me.
Oh. you're serious.
Are you Annie?
Yes.
Hello. I am Jin Qiao. your new assistant.
Ah. I was wondering. Pleased to meet you.
This morning I was an intern. but when a position becomes available. interns have a chance to have an interview.
And guess what?
Nobody wanted to work in your department because it's not real fashion.
So I got it. that's all.
Isn't that great?
Barry. you don't want me.
I didn't say that.
If you don't want me. you can interview someone else.
That's perfectly normal.
I know. I went to Yale.
Average of 3.86.
Lead singer of the Whiffing Poofs.
And my ACT score was 36 on my very first attempt.
No. you seem wonderful.
I'm glad to have you.
Great. okay. great. okay.
Uh. so listen. I'm going to be working late tonight. so I'll just need a few things.
First. I...
Miranda is hanging up her own coat?
Oh yes. I heard there had been complaints to HR.
Apparently. she was just using it to throw her coat at people.
Perhaps some things have changed.
Oh. anyway. yes. I'm working late tonight.
It was boring.
You're not waiting for the book yet. I hope?
A PROMISE TO OUR READERS
by Andrea Sachs
Oh. yes.
She likes the paper versions.
Always.
Um. can I give you something to bring back for her?
Of course. I'll take care of it.
THANKS.
Oh. when you go to her house. no matter what anyone tells you. you will go up the stairs.
Never.
It would be stupid not to do it.
Don't worry.
Thank you for doing what needed to be done!
Vanessa Freedman in the Times says that Andy's story is a bracing mea culpa.
Yeah. but does anyone other than cultural critics click on the article?
Not really. but in terms of image. it saved us. didn't it?
It's the same.
Joey is still outside.
Is Nigel here?
No. he's just not here.
I read your article.
He was really good.
Oh. thank you.
Oh. it was a company file.
Oh. yes.
The article about Barnes.
COUPLE INFLUENT
Obviously. this was before their split.
Yeah.
I love Sasha Barnes.
I know.
I've tried to get an interview with her like a million times. but I've always failed.
Oh. you're not the only one.
Really ?
Miranda would kill.
Not that they are divorced.
Hey. it's okay.
Sasha. one of the richest women in the world.
Interesting.
I feel like I could write a whole book just about her before/after.
Do you see what I mean?
Like. the original Benji Barnes is that hunched-shouldered nerd who's never set foot in a gym.
Sasha had her own way of giving me clarity and direction.
Recently. there was a picture of him the other day.
A few steroids. a touch of sculpting. a bit of azithic. and there you have it.
Benji Barnes reigns over the world of technology
It's a modern miracle.
I kind of love the Glock.
It's captivating.
Olé.
Oh.
We took some vintage Muglers from Westwood. and we shot them downtown. at the Washington Muse.
And were you there when those images were taken?
Yes. I was there.
So the intention was dull and lackluster.
I wouldn't say that was the goal.
When models were encouraged to prowl like hungry goats
in the parking lot of a methadone clinic in New Jersey.
Okay. what am I not allowed to say?
Methadone?
Non.
Only New Jersey.
Brief.
It was our first time with this photographer. we can do the shoot again.
We just need to... fix that.
SO...
Who else?
Marta. what are you cooking up for us?
We see a lot of "corp-core" elements for the Resort collection; I envisioned an interactive module on the app.
where one would choose a national park. then hiking boots and a fanny pack.
Oh.
A fanny pack.
This is my suicide.
What ?
What do you mean. no. no?
I'm not talking about killing other people.
For now.
All right.
Alright.
Who else?
Lala. what's wrong?
The new report on the Speed ​​Bash case was well received.
Media critics reacted to our candor and the fact that we took responsibility.
Exact.
But has anyone actually read the article?
I don't know.
Nigel. what are the statistics for this one?
Mm-mm.
You see. you're here to write and edit articles that people read.
And when that happens. yes. you can interrupt a meeting.
But until then...
Mm-mm.
Let's talk about rodeo bow ties.
This one is cute.
It was a bit rough.
I mean. it just guided us through a crisis.
Is it so difficult to recognize?
Oh. yes.
The girl likes validation.
Did your parents hang all your paintings on the Christmas tree?
No. it's not bad.
I don't need a slap on the head.
I just know what she wants.
Okay. I need constructive feedback.
Oh. feedback.
And a lollipop or just feedback?
Did you need this job?
Did you take this job?
So find a way to do this job.
Hello.
GOOD.
NASA technology
in your beauty products
Projections for autumn trends.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about how to do that.
Global warming
changes production in Europe
New initiative
in favor of students in fashion
Do you see that?
Oh. that's way too pink. and we're being subtle.
We're not Valentino. you know what I mean?
Is this the sample I sent you?
Tulip whisper?
That's it.
Oh. I don't know.
I'm not sure about that.
Wow.
Oh. there she is.
Is that all you?
Yes.
That's impressive.
You are very busy.
Thank you for taking the time.
The idea is that we're going to cover the new flagship product. and your role in its design.
So I'm horrible. I do it.
Perhaps yours.
GOOD.
If that's what you think is best. then that's fine.
Okay. great.
Would you like to show me around?
Okay. I'll do it.
Ken. that's not a whisper.
This is a cry for help.
This. of course. is a tribute to the grand staircase of the original Dior atelier on Avenue Montaigne.
That's incredible.
I know.
And the cost?
I'm not going to discuss it. Andy. but it's colossal.
What ?
What's with that disgusted look?
That's right...
It's great to see you all so grown up.
So saccharine.
I don't think you're used to doing that. because you were always so irritating.
Yeah. you were a model of joie de vivre.
Oh. hi. hi. hi.
Listen.
Wow. it's great to see you again.
Tell me about it.
Who are you now?
Non.
Like. after that. just human to human.
All right.
I am divorced from a pathological narcissist. thank God. but I have two beautiful children.
One is a rock. the other an academic. the other a champion.
Good for you.
They are magnificent. aren't they?
Yeah.
You ?
I left New York for 15 years.
I've lived everywhere. chasing after stories.
And I'm not married. never.
I am the right person.
And my children are at a doctor's office on Lady Beth.
They are frozen eggs for now. but I like them.
Okay. why did you leave your money?
Excuse me. is this an investigation?
No. it's just a question.
That's not really relevant.
Well. I mean. you worshipped this place and Miranda. so why did you leave?
Why are you asking me why?
I mean. take a look at this place.
Luxury retail is the only sector of the fashion industry that still makes money.
That's it.
Retail trade.
Forget everything else.
So yes. I am genuinely happy to be here.
Did you know that 20 years ago. a $100 handbag was considered extravagant?
Brands like ours. we've changed all that.
Use logos. use branding. because everyone understands. everyone gets it.
Your bag. your scarf. your perfume. your umbrella. take note of this.
It tells the world who you are. what matters to you.
And now there are housewives in Banff who wouldn't dare go out without one of our $3.000 tote bags.
And is that a good thing?
I don't know. is it a bad thing to bring beauty and design to everyone?
Everyone here has three heads and one nose.
Have you heard of Christmas?
It doesn't matter. don't worry about me and my career. worry about yourself.
I haven't seen any of your stories take off.
Nothing that will change anything.
What does Miranda say about that?
Is she harsh with you?
This is no longer Miranda.
Yes. sir.
Yes. I'm looking at the figures while you speak.
Okay. I...
It was like a hot bath.
It's as if he's forgotten he hired her.
His hiring is my problem.
Did he say anything about the position of global editor-in-chief?
No. he is silent on the matter.
I've spent my career trying to understand what people need to know.
Now I need to understand what people want to click on.
That's right...
Perhaps you just need to figure out how to do both at the same time.
You know. like. the smart thing and the fun thing.
Oh. okay.
Would you like a...
No. I'm not going to sit down or call in frustration.
Your articles aren't selling well.
Yes. no. but I must say that I think some of these articles are worthwhile.
Who is it worth it for?
I mean. if you want to introduce new readers to romance. great.
But perhaps you don't want to push back the ones we already have?
Yes. I didn't want to...
But we have important work ahead.
Oh. okay.
Is...
I'm doing a portrait of Sacha Barnes.
Do you really have an interview?
Except...
Uh. almost.
I'm laughing at the details. but I have an interview.
Sacha Barnes has not been in the press for three years.
A sort of Holy Grail in terms of interviews.
That's what makes things so exciting.
So. what's your interview about?
Oh. I don't have any.
Here we go.
You know. it's...
My God. this house is just wow.
Even back then. they were just so incredibly rich.
And just to be clear. you have no way of contacting Sacha. but you told Miranda that you did?
Correct.
That's standing a little too close to the fire. isn't it?
I am fire.
Don't tell people that.
Ah yes. yes. I know this work.
It's a Cecily Brown.
It sold for over $600.000 in 2009.
Okay. do you know who sold it to them?
Yes. probably my friend Paula.
She is the biggest merchant in Cecily.
Can she give me Sacha's number?
Maybe.
I'm going to call Paula.
Are you going faster?
You need to calm down.
I know. okay.
Paula said that you might be able to give me Sacha Barnes' number.
Yeah.
You can't?
Dog trainer?
That works for me.
I just want to ask him a few questions.
Yes. no. I promise not to bother you again.
THANKS.
Sacha.
Hi. it's Eddie Sachs from Runway again.
We love to chat when we have a scoop. so call me anytime.
Anytime.
I never let go of my phone.
Sorry. I'm so focused on this story.
Don't worry.
I left 18 messages for Sacha and I searched for everyone she knows.
Everyone I have ever met.
I love that for you.
Okay. where is this restaurant?
Right here.
FOR RENT
Really ?
What ?
Star on Zilla.
Isn't she magnificent?
In short. even if I wanted to. I can't afford it.
Yes. you can.
You earn double your salary.
And for how long?
Okay. let's just take a look at a model apartment. alright?
I just want you to have the apartment you deserve.
I mean. you have to admit it.
Yeah. it's not bad.
Mmm.
I bet you wouldn't have to hit the tap to get running water.
The party is so long.
I'm going to go see the room.
Hello.
This apartment.
He's pretty nice. isn't he?
I think you'll like this kind of thing.
Renovated properties?
Everything that's wrong with our society.
Mine. mine. totally. yes.
No. no. no. not everyone.
I mean. I don't have...
I love new places.
It breaks my heart when we find a historic building and they do. you know...
It's heartbreaking.
And the other thing is. you know. I did that.
It's me.
This is my building.
How are you.
No. okay.
Hello.
Good morning.
I'm an asshole.
My name is Peter.
Andy.
Delighted.
I don't want you to think I'm a greedy promoter. because I'm not.
I am an entrepreneur.
So I found the building and gathered a bunch of rich old people who are. you know.
Horrible. disgusting. pathetic people. and they bought it.
And I was able to work on it.
And. you know. they gave me a small piece of that.
Furthermore. the city was going to demolish it.
It was in poor condition.
Non.
No. he was.
It was in poor condition.
Oh. no.
They had rats here.
Save the building.
Well. there's your word.
I don't want to play that card.
But there were rats here that were practically men.
Pardon.
Yes.
How are you ?
Yes. it's fine.
I'm just sorry.
Oh. hi.
Lily. this is Peter.
Yes.
Peter.
And I have to go.
I am so sorry for having insulted you both in the book.
It's good.
Hein.
You had a moment just the two of you.
Do you think so?
What's your story?
My story?
Bachelor ?
Yeah.
For what ?
Divorce.
Yes.
Children?
Non.
Do you have a card?
Yes.
I'm going to check your social media.
Where is she?
For what ?
Try the chair.
Where is she?
All right.
I'll take a look.
Uh.
We were thinking about Victorian and Edwardian outfits.
And the incredible way in which they accentuate and enhance the female silhouette.
You hate the knot.
I don't like the knot.
Michael.
I told you she hated the knot.
I have found the Holy Grail.
Why give an interview now?
I had no intention of leading a public life.
I obtained my doctorate.
I was teaching anthropology while Benji was tinkering with code.
I never imagined that it would propel me like this into this hall of mirrors.
To mix in a few metaphors.
But here I am.
This area.
This art collection.
And my goal is. finally. my obligation is to give everything one day.
Well. we are very grateful that you agreed to sit with us.
Lately. I've noticed that your articles have more seriousness and a genuine point of view.
You know. you didn't ask me anything about Benji.
We have the original version. we have the 2.0.
Why should you be defined by this marriage?
It is not.
You're right.
I am not.
And I will not be defined by my second marriage.
I am engaged.
I met someone who has their own life and doesn't care about all the media hype surrounding me.
An engagement?
I had no idea.
Well. nobody has any.
You are the first.
I mean. I'm not sure if people care. but they seem to.
Yeah.
You know. go ahead. write the story.
This is my little gift for you.
That's huge.
A fabulous exclusive on an iconic yet elusive woman.
The photos are magnificent.
Your article is great.
My styling is a stroke of genius.
That's what Marmite does best.
What if Miranda doesn't like it?
Don't be negative.
Yes. why would I be?
Stop that.
More...
Really ?
Isn't that right?
Yeah.
So. we're just going to...
Well. this is our centerpiece.
We send it to subscribers and we also promote it on social media.
That's great.
Hello.
You're back?
I'm back.
GOOD.
Are there still apartments available?
I think there are 15 or 20.
How many do you want?
Let's start with one.
I think that's good.
But I also have other stories that I was supposed to publish today about coconut water.
And private jokes between you and your sweetheart.
And enzymatic peels.
Enzymatic peels.
What is this ?
What is an enzymatic peel?
A peel.
It removes the skin from your face.
Ah good ?
Completely.
Wow.
You didn't pay for that?
Perhaps I should.
I still have all my old skin.
No. that's completely out of the question.
I feel like I'm outside.
You're finished.
But you can still do real journalism.
Please tell me you do.
You know what was incredible?
The series you did on the Federal Reserve when you were the Vanguard.
You have read a four-part series on the inner workings of the Federal Reserve.
Without knowing if you would ever see me again?
Yes.
And it's strange that I did that.
Now that you mention it. that's strange.
I shouldn't have told you that.
That's kind.
That's really kind.
I've had long-term relationships with men who have never read anything by me. so that's very kind.
It's outrageous.
I know.
That's crazy.
But there's nothing I can do about it.
Part of me hopes this is a stepping stone at Runway and a springboard.
so that I can go back to doing real journalism.
And. you know. working for a newspaper. a serious magazine. or writing a book.
A book?
Do you think you have a book inside you?
I actually have an offer for a book.
That's great.
My friend wants me to write a book about someone famous.
Oh.
All right ?
But she wants the sensationalist version from the tabloids.
But I would like to make it good.
I suppose I could make it look good.
You made the Federal Reserve sexy.
I'm sure you'd be happy with a celebrity.
And then you would have a meeting with an author.
Because that's what it is.
It is. I mean. it's a date.
Does talking about it make it less of a date?
Talking about it is actually more like a date.
Are we no longer on a date?
We're meeting up more often than before.
I prefer to be in meetings more often.
Tell me I'm not interested in the tabloid version.
It would need to be high-level and rigorous.
Would this be something that would interest your editor?
Wait. are you kidding me?
No. don't do that.
All right.
Alright.
I'm going to send you a few pages and a proposal and...
Angie. are you serious?
Because. like. it would really help me at work.
Don't make fun of me. okay?
Because. oh my God!
I'm so excited!
What do we do?
We're going to the literary evening.
All right.
Just. you know. keep this between us. please. okay?
THANKS.
Hello.
I received a text message saying that Miranda wants to see me this Saturday.
Mm-hmm.
At her home in the Hamptons?
Yes.
She's having people over this weekend.
Wait. am I 'people'?
What ?
Perhaps I invited you.
And will that bird be there?
Johnny. what did we say about laughing?
Stella !
Hello.
I have no shame in that.
Just three.
My God.
What ?
I have nothing for the Hamptons.
I'm not going to the Hamptons.
I have never set foot in the Hamptons.
Calm down.
I once created a whole series of summer looks for RBG. and it was sublime.
Okay. so. a weekend in the Hamptons.
I mean. does that mean I'm in it?
Non.
So when can I relax?
Uh. I'd say coffin.
I know.
Yes.
All right.
Here's what you need.
Tendy.
We need this.
The Brunello Cuccinelli trousers.
I love it.
And. oh. yes.
Gabriella Hurst.
Magnificent. magnificent. magnificent.
And bespoke Kelly.
And this one?
Non.
That's discreet luxury.
A luxury so discreet that you need a trumpet to hear it.
Well. you absolutely need a two-piece embroidered set. but not in terracotta because you are very pale.
Let's take ivory.
Now. remember. all of this. just by yourself.
Understood ?
I need every penny by Monday.
Understood.
All right.
No. it's not silent.
It's like a screaming guitar solo.
Sorry.
It's so pretty.
Yes. that's the case. but it's not appropriate for this occasion.
Sorry.
Not a single stain.
Not even a hint of a stain.
Nothing.
I mean nothing.
Please. I'm not a child anymore.
Oh my God.
I can't watch that.
Shoes.
Request for shoes.
You need to present them as soon as we have them. okay?
Okay. Jen.
Alright.
GOOD.
Hello.
Andy Sachs ?
Andy Sachs.
THANKS.
Thank you so much.
Have a great day.
THANKS.
Good morning.
You must be Andy.
Hello.
You are Stuart Simmons.
It's me.
Let me take this.
Delighted to meet you.
Me too.
I am a big fan of your quartet.
Really ?
Since yesterday. when I learned that I was going to meet you and that I wasn't even on Spotify.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I am not.
It was wonderful.
You are very kind. and it's a wonderful job.
Oh. thank you.
I want you to meet two of my favorite people.
Selenka and John.
I saw your symphony.
Yes.
Au Carnegie Hall.
It was extraordinary.
Kara Swisher.
Hello.
Oh. hi.
Charming.
I know.
I saw the painting.
Thank you so much.
Yeah.
Hello.
I am Carl.
Yes.
Carl.
Yes yes.
Good morning.
How are you ?
It was a great series.
Oh. thank you.
It was a pleasure to be in New York.
Jenna Bush Hager.
Hello.
How are you ?
Delighted to meet you.
It was quite an interview.
The strongest commitment to a parade story in eight years.
Tomi Adeyemi et Molly Chang.
You should know Tina Brown.
Tina. this is Annie Sutton.
Your article.
Amazing.
Viral.
I receive alerts every ten seconds.
No comments.
We don't have enough roses.
Non.
Oh. hello.
Good morning.
Thank you very much for inviting me.
It's a tremendous crowd.
I just spoke to Irv.
You know. that big party that Elias Clarke is organizing for his 75th birthday?
That's where he's going to announce my new role.
I will be the global content manager for all Elias Clarke publications.
Ah.
Wow.
That's... wow. You know. he's been teasing me about it for so long.
I don't know why I'm telling you this. but I thought it would never happen.
Congratulations.
You deserve it.
And he talks about increasing the budget for the Department of Futures.
Non.
And.
Really ?
Which means you might need to find a more respectable office.
Well. uh...
I don't know.
This is the best offer I will ever make you.
That would be great.
Mmmm.
I always knew you would end up doing something great.
You forgot I existed.
Okay. well. before that.
Thank you very much for having me.
It was nothing.
We'll meet again.
Nigel chose that. so it means a lot.
I like it very much.
Really ?
Yes.
Okay. I'm just going out.
Yes. just go outside.
That's a lot.
Well. if that's what you call a lot. I like it a lot.
Like. a lot.
THANKS.
Like. I don't think we should be covering this thing at all.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. IRV
Yeah.
Don't do that. Maggie.
She's so high on drugs.
Try eating a hot dog.
To vomit.
Day of the injection.
Tire.
I don't think we need to know why.
Okay. this is a great company party.
Do you like this kind of thing?
Everything that happens in this society. yeah.
Okay. stop now.
Is that Hugh Jackman?
It's Hugh Jackman.
I just wanted to say hello.
I should know.
I'm not sure.
Do you know him?
Well. no. but if Australians say hello across cities. you know. it becomes quite a thing.
So I'm just going to ask. how's mine?
Hello.
All right.
Alright.
It's simple science. basically. you see?
At a certain point. we won't need our necks anymore.
Oh. stop.
That's so crazy.
It's true.
It's a new tracheo-technology.
This is tracheal elimination.
I love my neck.
That's useful.
You can add it to your tie collection.
That's for sure.
Do you hear that?
Is Emily dating someone?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Benji Barnes is nous.
Look at it.
Completely hooked.
Just the torso.
No neck.
That will be us in space.
Health.
All the girls I talked to about him in high school.
No. just to bring them out.
Because we mustn't hear them.
You know me.
All the girls.
Let's go wish him a happy birthday.
What a party.
Good morning.
Sorry.
Pardon.
Those parties were so much better.
Not for me.
Here is the king of the evening.
Thank you. darling.
So. Irm is about to announce Miranda's new position.
NOW ?
Mm-hmm.
At the end of the speech.
So.
Thank you so much.
It was nothing.
Health.
You know what I have to say?
I love you.
I'm impressed by how this password came about between you two.
What do you mean?
In Paris.
When she gave you the job. you wanted it to be clear.
Oh.
That was twenty years ago.
She's pulled that stunt on me a million times since then.
But here I am.
At his side.
Or to the side.
You know.
A few steps back.
And you'd prefer to be in front?
Non.
Maybe you should tell him what you want.
Well. like you.
Like everyone else.
Benji. I want you to meet people I used to work with at Runway ages ago.
This is. uh. Nigel Kittling.
Nigel.
Delighted.
And here's Andy's friend...
Oh. Andy.
Sash.
Andy.
Hello.
Oh.
This dress.
It is...
Wow.
So. I really...
Very pretty.
Not haute couture.
Not custom-made.
But she's pretty.
Hey. are you the girl who wrote that article in Runway about my girlfriend. Emily?
Uh. yes.
Oh my God.
I must thank you.
Really ?
It was so...
Interesting for me.
L'...
Writing?
The photos.
The photos were so good.
Isn't that right?
Yes !
Oh !
Is there a doctor?
Yes.
Oh my God.
IN MEMORY
IRV RAVITZ
Many things to consider.
A day like today really puts things into perspective.
How quickly time flies.
How to focus on what's essential.
And the priorities.
My father loved Runway. you know.
Yes. he adored her.
Your grandfather too.
Yeah.
He's the one who hired me. you know.
And when he passed everything on to Irv. we were the same age.
We worked in close collaboration.
Yes. that's it.
Now it's just you and me.
And I can't wait to carry that ball into the end zone together.
The goal zone.
Beautifully said.
Isn't that horrible?
I can't believe this is happening.
It's terribly sad.
Yes. it's very sad.
In one way or another. Dolce spoke to everyone here.
These funerals are entirely their fault.
I mean. they must have gone to everyone's house. handing out gifts. no doubt.
That damn Dick.
So sneaky.
He'll do anything for revenge ever since I put Kendall in the 24 finale.
Isn't she the best?
He is bursting with impatience for his revenge.
Yeah.
Because of Kendall.
I can't believe there's someone named Kendall.
What is she going to do?
You know ?
Do we have any idea what he's going to do with Rowan?
No. no. no idea.
But I mean. you see the guy.
She's not exactly a fashion icon.
He is dressed from head to toe in performance synthetic materials.
Throw a match at him and he'll burst into flames like a Christmas tree in March.
We'll get through this. won't we?
Runway is so precious. isn't it?
I mean. even without her. they know. right?
Sorry.
So rhetorical.
You know. I have no idea.
We'll have to make do.
Italian Fashion Week has helped to make Milan one of the most important fashion hubs.
That is why we can afford to do this.
The Academy of Brera.
We are going to organize a tailor-made fashion show. which will be dedicated to fashion as well as musical performances.
The entire evening will begin with one of Miranda's signature speeches.
This will focus on the intertwining of the fashion show and Italian haute couture.
I've almost finished the speech. actually.
It will be in your inbox by the end of the week.
Yes. Marta?
Yeah. this whole thing with Irv's death and all that.
When will we know if things are changing?
Yes. what is Jay's plan for the magazine?
Is he taking the reins?
Does he even like fashion?
I mean. where are Jacquard and Lorne?
I would like to talk about the looks we will be presenting at the Brera Academy fashion show.
Some bodies are very interesting. very...
corps...
negative ?
Don't tell me you're into body positivity.
Why. really. when you think about it?
Oh my God. he's here.
I've always loved your office.
We no longer have views like that.
And the size. I mean. wow.
I remember you coming here as a child with your father.
And your little lacrosse stick. throwing that ball everywhere.
I broke a vase.
Really ?
I don't remember.
Sorry it took me so long to get in touch or to call you back.
I may not have noticed it.
But now I'm ready to get organized. discuss some ideas with you. tick some boxes. and have lunch.
NOW ?
Bad timing?
Are you overwhelmed?
No not at all.
I'm just going to ask someone to make a reservation.
Oh. the cafeteria suits me fine.
I have a few calls to return anyway.
Uh. I'll see you there in ten minutes.
Amari?
Yes ?
Do we have a cafeteria?
Oh yes.
Really ?
A cafeteria?
She's never even been to that floor.
It's still frozen.
I'll be back in twenty minutes.
Heh.
What's good about this place?
Um. all the...
things.
You know what?
Before we eat. why don't I introduce you to some of the guys?
People.
Some of the people.
I didn't want to impose all these people on you all at once.
Ah good ?
These are just a few consultants I brought in for the restructuring.
The best.
People.
They will give us their opinion on our organizational alignment.
Operational strategy.
Financial architecture.
Digital transformation.
User experience.
All.
All ?
Sandy ?
Do you want to inform Mrs. Priestley about our concepts?
Absolutely.
Sandeep Kapoor.
Harvard graduate.
Never mind.
You know. in our offices. we call you Miranda the Beast.
Because you're a beast in this field.
And unfortunately. right now. this animal is on a leash.
And we must free this beast.
Let her run.
Oh.
The undertakers.
Non.
What ?
Management consultants.
As I said.
McKenzie. in my opinion.
Mignon.
I wish I could hear what they were saying.
I know.
Does anyone want you?
What ?
May I sit here?
I worry about this generation of children.
It lasted an hour.
Miranda in the middle of this circle of costumes.
I have no idea what was agreed upon.
They will first remove some features.
They always delete the writing first.
Look at.
Miranda is resourceful.
All right ?
Whatever this new situation may be. she will find a solution.
Trust me.
She always had guts.
Well. it's just. you know. this whole thing about having a real job.
It was. like. great. you know?
Yeah.
I know.
Hello.
I need to talk to you right away.
All right.
What ?
You know. you said you wanted to know what Miranda and Jay were talking about in the cafeteria.
Yeah.
SO ?
What is this?
When I was eating fries. I dropped my spoon on the floor and put my phone under his chair.
and he was recording all the time.
Gin ?
Yeah.
What ?
Yup. yup. yup.
You're such a rebel!
Yeah. I know.
We have reviewed your budgets and already have some ideas for discounts.
Show the markets that we are ready to increase further.
All right.
You don't want to know.
Then don't tell me.
Oh.
I was joking.
Let's go.
They cut everything down.
Reductions to nothing.
Fashion and beauty decimated.
This affects all departments. and all those who have been there for more than five years cost too much and must leave.
I'm sorry.
That's understandable.
Do you know what she said?
Non.
Not a single thing.
Nigel.
You know what I think?
I think I prefer to wear the bag across my body.
That's what I think.
All right.
I'll leave it to you.
I can't believe this is still happening.
Another publication.
Delete it.
I'm sorry. Andy.
It's rubbish.
That's where everything is headed. you know.
It's happening everywhere.
These are the pharmacies.
These are the bookstores.
That's your name.
And all of that is reduced.
Everything is falling into place.
Non.
I cannot accept this.
We cannot continue to empty the soul of everything. to dissect it in order to recondition it.
For what purpose?
But it's...
We replace it.
You have just described what I have done with this building.
We're not talking to you here.
We're talking...
Besides. journalism is more important than luxury apartments.
It's true.
I'm sorry.
It's a conversation of spectacular health.
THANKS.
Really not?
Non.
I might give you a minute.
THANKS.
Listen. I know you have to go to Italy. but if you want to see me when you get back. I'd be happy to.
It's up to you.
Oh. hi. Stuart.
Andy.
Yes.
How are you ?
May I come in?
Sure. go ahead.
I wasn't expecting you. I suppose.
Sorry to bother you.
I just need to...
Catch my breath.
All right.
Is she here?
Yeah.
She's so...
Brave.
I don't want to bother you.
I just need to talk.
Talk ?
So. I just need to...
You have a plan. don't you?
A secret plan. just like you had done.
I can't hear you.
You have no one to call?
I just want everyone to lose their job. please.
We've done a fantastic job lately.
We attract excellent authors. and people are interested.
The magazine. again.
I mean. this work has allowed me to hope. again. for the future. for our future. for my future.
Perhaps I could offer you my help.
Go home.
But I...
It's late.
Don't worry about that.
This does not concern you.
Editorial proposal
for the biography of Miranda Priestly
Yes.
So. Milan.
Now. are you saying that new directors have come from above?
Budget cuts?
Yes.
So. regarding Milan. we're cutting John Legend.
Because he wants his piano shipped there. and it's too expensive.
So. no music.
Unless someone asks him for a favor.
Non.
It's impossible.
This cover almost...
kill me.
All right.
No music.
No way.
OK. agreed.
I'm going to call him.
THANKS.
Now there are some new general rules.
The first is: no more private cars.
Uber only.
And. regarding flights...
Good afternoon. ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome aboard United Airlines flight 19 to Milan. Italy.
We will be passing around champagne for our flight attendants. and we will be happy to assist you with your journey.
If you are in economy class. would you like to get yourself a drink?
I need something.
Give me something to drink.
What's wrong with her?
Why does she put up with it?
Excuse me.
Excuse me ?
Um. Mrs. Priestley would like a glass of her best champagne.
I'm sorry. this is not served in this cabin.
They have snack boxes.
A snack box. perhaps?
What are you doing ?
Uh. I hypnotized her.
I bet she's wearing a very beautiful necklace.
Yes ?
That doesn't surprise me.
Last week. I bought her a Monet.
And a Klimt.
Really ?
Oh. yes.
Come on.
Do you know the camera?
Yes. I need to remember that.
Mom. you did the work he wants to echo for Miss Madeline. but it was my idea to go.
Oh. Bunny. what do we do when we're a little wobbly?
That's what we do. we breathe.
On inspire.
We'll remember that.
Et on expire.
And don't forget to tap-tap-tap-tap.
That's the whole way.
There. is that better?
Hmm-hmm.
OK. my love.
Listen. can you go get Dad?
Okay. I love you.
What's new ?
Frank. I'm in Milan.
And as you can see. I'm busier than a pair of tights.
So. you can just try being a parent?
Go to Miss Madeline's and get the éclair from them. damn it.
I can't.
And with Emily. I'm here. so...
May the bridges I burn light my way.
Hello.
Do you have a minute?
Yes.
Ok.
Good morning.
Look at us.
Up before dawn.
I just went for a walk.
What are you doing ?
Me?
Yeah. where are you going?
Like that.
Ah.
Yes. I'm doing this report on the wine industry.
Oh. yes. yes.
That's cute.
Dinner tonight?
I always make time for that at Giacomo's.
No gossip. okay?
Mmm.
Okay. great.
I'm sending you a text message.
All right.
Come on.
Window closed.
Nigel is looking at you.
I don't want to.
Here it is.
Oh. hi. darling.
Hello.
Stop.
I'm just saying hello.
So. have you had a residence here for a long time?
Me?
Mmm.
Oh my God.
That's it.
I don't know.
Nothing.
Oh. no. no. no.
Not for me.
No. thank you very much.
Hello.
You have nothing?
No. I'm not drinking water these days.
I'm trying to create a water deficit.
It's poison.
It's not poison.
Yes. it's poison.
So. uh. do you think we can do it?
It depends on what he asks for.
Oh. come on. comics.
You will not persuade anyone of anything.
You know that.
It's true.
But I convinced that one to go out with me.
Going out with you?
We all admitted it.
Oh my God.
Pity.
And if you hadn't seen me before I met him.
I had hair in my ears.
Oh.
So many of them were coming out of it.
I was supposed to go out with him.
Finally. the little one... the lawnmower.
Yeah.
And then the lawnmower.
The rest.
Oh. tu imagines ?
The lawnmower in my chest.
I like it as much as a bar of soap.
That's it.
Just hairs.
Oh. there he is.
Oh.
JJ !
Just a quick one.
Do you want to tell me quickly?
You can tell me quickly.
JJ !
Do you want to tell me slowly?
You can tell me slowly.
He can't see us?
No way.
JJ !
Ah. there you are.
Oh. hi.
Hello.
Hey. how was your dinner?
Delicious.
And yours?
Oh. you know. I just ordered room service.
Oh yes ?
Yes ?
I love their bacalao mantecato here.
Yum.
It's so good.
Yeah.
They don't have that here.
It's a Venetian dish. not a Milanese one.
Tell me the truth.
What's going on?
Are you making fun of me?
You're lurking.
I don't prowl when I see a prowler.
Tell me.
Oh. madam. she's here.
Good morning.
I cannot attend this course.
Ready ?
Obviously. security will be very tight.
And we have undertaken an extensive rotation for art.
That's it.
Okay. everyone.
I would like to review the dinner menu for the clients.
We are seated.
So. we have a U-shaped table.
The head is up there.
We will distribute some plates here.
Approximately 40 people.
And we're going to take the brands and mix them up.
Are you familiar with the Last Supper?
What ?
An act of asthmaticism.
Painting this particular scene was nothing new.
Frescoes and the same subject can be found all over Europe.
And the other version of the Last Supper was a painting of a dying man.
A man in a position of power is usually depicted with a halo.
People think that this was Da Vinci's way of saying: we are human.
Nobody is perfect.
Humans are both glorious and fallible.
And inevitably. we make mistakes. we betray each other. and we disappoint each other.
Oh my God.
Oh. that's what we're supposed to do.
Don't you agree?
Oh. excuse me.
What is Auntie doing?
She's beating around the bush.
Excuse me.
Can I help you?
Miranda knows.
What ?
What do you mean ?
She knows.
Comment ?
Did you plan this?
Non.
But I don't think she would have made it terribly clear to me.
She senses that something is about to happen.
Oh. for God's sake.
We're doing this just to help him.
But I honestly can't take all these secrets anymore.
So I think we should just. like. tell him.
Non.
We'll wait until it's over.
Please.
Amy.
Hello.
Give me a moment.
Why the impatient look?
A donation. please.
We need to tell Miranda.
We need to tell him now.
I feel a little unwell.
I'm so nervous.
I'm having trouble breathing.
My neck hurts.
Oh. I had a hunch for once.
Please.
I'm so nervous.
Oh.
Families.
But so many Lani.
She was a victim of human trafficking.
Oh.
Jay went all out.
I know.
Well. it's a bit tight. but I'll manage.
How can I help you both?
Uh.
All right.
Miranda.
What Jay wants to do with Runway.
Reduce it so much that it will no longer resemble what it was.
To reduce it in my department. Nigel. and in most of his department.
How do you know about this?
Look at.
We all know how important the podium is and always has been.
Yes. I mean. the podium is practically a religion and it needs to be protected.
So. I think the question is: who has the means to acquire it?
Can you both spill the beans?
Uh.
Benji buys the podium.
Benji ?
Benji Barnes ?
My Benji.
He made an offer to Jay Ravitz and Jay accepted without hesitation.
And you played a role in that?
Yes. we do this to protect Runway and you.
You will be editor-in-chief for as long as you want.
I'm sorry.
I know we've had our differences. but I never imagined.
that you were capable of such a level of betrayal.
Treason ?
No. Miranda.
We're preserving Runway for you.
Oh. no. no. no.
Miss Emily doesn't save anything for anyone.
Yes. she does.
Yes. of course she does.
Emily.
Tell him.
Yeah.
Emily.
Tell him.
She's right.
Benji buys me a track.
So that I can direct it.
What are you talking about?
Listen. she had a long career.
A historic career.
But she is exhausted.
And I'm fresher.
And younger.
I want to impose tastes. not just satisfy them.
Why would you do that?
She knows why.
I have no idea.
You pushed me out. didn't you?
I did nothing of the sort.
You're the one who got Dior hired.
To get rid of me.
For what ?
Why did you do that?
For the same reason you should never be in charge of the parade. Emily.
Because you are beautiful and intelligent.
But no.
You don't have what it takes.
I'm sorry.
But you're not a visionary.
You don't know.
You know absolutely nothing about me.
You'll never catch up with him.
Oh. I think so.
And I think so too. deep down.
Well. Benji's lawyers.
They will contact you.
With all the details.
I have no idea.
I am so sorry.
I just felt like I had to do something.
I hope that's not what you're wearing to dinner.
Hi. what's new?
How are you ?
Oh my God. Andy.
These pages that you sent me?
My boss is furious.
They are perfect.
Oh.
Um. about that.
There is so much potential here.
I'm sending you an offer and a contract.
And Andy. that's not 50.
It's not 100.
It's 350.
That's three damn 50s.
Non.
Non ?
What do you mean. no?
You don't mean. like. hurray?
This book could harm Miranda.
Is it not...
That's fine with me. because she's atrocious.
It's more complicated than that.
Okay. Stockholm call.
They want their syndrome back.
Is...
Can I call you back later?
Okay. thank you for letting me know.
The Moon.
We have already been to the Moon.
Now all the guys want to go to Mars.
Which Mars?
Let's go towards that great orange star we call the Sun.
Completely unexplored.
It has been observed for centuries.
I'm going to build a small rocket.
I will call him Icarus.
Icarus flew too close to the sun.
He flew too close.
He ended up getting roasted.
It is...
You don't get the idea.
It's like an island.
But no.
Stockholm.
Hein ?
You look like a nervous cat.
And...
Compliment ?
Non.
Wait a second.
Is it that...
I don't know.
Why not ?
I am so sorry.
Excuse me.
I am ready to make an announcement.
Whenever you want.
Oh. we're not closed yet.
We're still fine-tuning some details.
Oh.
I see.
What you're doing for Emily is so generous.
I know she has many projects.
But I hope that some fashion traditions will be able to survive.
Who knows?
Listen. the world is changing so fast that sometimes even I don't understand it.
It's quite a tradition.
I think a day will come. perhaps very soon. when.
You know. the fashion show will no longer need models. venues. or even designers.
We'll just have. you know...
Yeah.
Some things will surely remain the same.
A commitment to beauty.
Craftsmanship.
The best of human achievement.
Maybe.
But look around you.
We are in an ancient city that was once part of one of the greatest empires the world has ever known.
Only small traces of it remain today.
The world is about to change.
That's what human beings don't understand.
The future is rushing towards us. like the lava of Pompeii.
Our role is to let him take what he wants.
One day he will come and he will suffocate us all.
So. perhaps that's how it will be.
Excuse me.
Yes. sorry.
I should know that these flights from Copenhagen are always delayed.
Hey. hey. hey. what's wrong?
When the time is right.
Oh.
You will know.
What if I leave?
What's going on?
What will I get?
What's wrong?
We have the twins.
We have a very badly behaved dog. I need to tell you about him.
You have me.
Yes.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
What I have...
You can't decide anything based on how you feel right now.
Just imagine tomorrow.
Wake up.
You have an espresso.
You look out the window at all the layers of the landscape.
So you ask yourself. what's the next thing you want to do?
Toc. toc. toc.
THANKS.
I'm sorry.
Come on.
Pull yourself together.
We have work to do.
And by "us." I mean you.
I have shows I want to attend.
You have calls to make.
I have a long list of people to categorize for you.
Walk.
I don't want to tell you what to do.
Please wake her up.
You can wake her up.
It's really worth it.
You won't thank me.
I'm going to have to shrink you.
Wake her up.
Walk.
That's a good thing.
Time is running out.
My boss is meaner than your mother.
I really need to talk to them as soon as possible.
I try all day.
Can you please wake them up?
I consumed a lot of caffeine.
Yes.
Is Andrea already here?
Could you please try again?
No. not hypothetically.
No. not now.
NOW.
You don't want to win?
I'm sorry.
Now is the time.
Have you heard from Andrea?
No not yet.
So. which way should I go?
This way.
I was surprised to hear from you.
Really ?
Why do you say that?
Because you don't love me.
Oh. what a ridiculous idea.
You are so privileged.
And we are so grateful that you are doing this for us.
Well. of course I do.
Nigel said I would never have coverage again if I didn't do it.
I think so. yes.
That's not like him.
No. you're right.
It reminds me of someone else I know.
You can get dressed now.
I'd better go.
Damn it.
Bye.
Who let him in?
I understand. but if you could just...
It is...
That's great.
THANKS.
Yes. thank you.
I'll go get them right away.
Thank you so much.
Well. that took all day and my phone bill is going to be a nightmare.
But I did it.
Your plan worked.
Are you sure?
Yes. but we have to go now if we're going to go.
NOW ?
So. who are we?
Shall we do this?
I have a small problem. I need to organize this tonight. you know.
I have to give the opening speech.
No. there is someone else who can do it.
There is someone else who can speak on behalf of Runway and represent it just as well as you if you let them.
Who ?
Oh. he doesn't want to.
He would never want to.
I would know if he wanted to...
...doing that kind of thing.
Did I take you for granted?
What ?
In a world where everyone shouts. complains. whines. makes mistakes and tries to hide them.
Ah. there's you.
Non.
You've always been there.
Yeah.
What ?
And I need you.
I need your help.
All right.
Because I'm leaving now and I need you to speak for us in my place.
No. I can't do that.
Of course it does.
No. I can't.
Awesome.
I am not.
Yes. you are.
Besides. you're the one who wrote that damn speech. so I know you're familiar with it.
Please. Nigel.
All right.
Tonight. I am here to talk about the connection between Runway and Italy.
And from Runway's ongoing quest for excellence. for the incomparable.
in a world we love so much. the world of La Moda.
And tell me if this is a bit of an exaggeration. but I was thinking of the first magazine cover.
A lion's tail or a magician's assistant?
These are...
My God. you work in a circus. Benji?
No. me. me.
Oh. that's great.
Yes.
I know. because I am a role model.
And most models aren't as simple as me.
It's true.
Okay. well. I'm going to call my communications manager.
I'm going to have them issue a statement.
The two speeches that make the cover.
What is it. Brad?
Can we wiggle?
How much in cash?
In action?
Is it unionized?
All right.
I have nothing left.
We're just doing this simple black and white.
I don't want to do black and white.
For what ?
I think that would be elegant.
So. here's the thing.
I've been trying to get rid of Elias Clark for years.
Dad didn't want to. for sentimental reasons.
But then. an offer fell from the sky.
So I accepted it.
More...
Sorry.
Are you saying that you sold Runway to someone else?
I sold all of Elias Clark. including Runway. to someone else.
No. you don't.
Sorry. guys.
People.
No. no.
No. wait. wait. wait...
You are upset.
I don't like it when you're upset.
How could you let me do that?
Who did this to me?
Who ?
I have complete confidence in you as editor-in-chief of the parade and our global head of content.
You will have all the necessary resources.
Show the world what you are capable of.
We will do it.
Do you think she will be able to stay away from it?
You heard it.
Don't get involved in this.
For now.
You know. I shouldn't thank you.
You really woke me up.
Either way.
You should still write that book.
350 000.
That's not insignificant.
How did I know?
Oh. Andy.
People run to tell you this kind of news.
They are running.
You should write it down and keep all the juicy details.
How impatient I am. and
demanding and imperious. and how much I missed out on my children's lives.
Put everything in there.
Because people should know.
They should know that there is a price to pay.
I actually do it. and you?
Yeah.
I love it.
And if you write this book accurately. you can buy me a few more years at the top.
I'm not going to do that to you. Miranda.
Not anymore.
Why not ?
Oh. because we're a team now?
Okay. go ahead. tell yourself that.
You wanted to save me.
It's a lovely story.
And you're a good storyteller. but no. what you wanted to save was yourself.
And the last clock is just another piece of driftwood next to the Titanic.
And for now. yes. there's room for both of us.
Perhaps you're right.
Perhaps I didn't have to keep my life.
We can still do good work together.
Well. we have no choice.
Pinocchio.
Non.
Oh my God.
Doctor Pinocchio.
Big Pinocchio.
Thank you. that's very kind. but you know. she doesn't need all that.
Nobody needs anything. but who doesn't like a gift?
It's a Valentino!
Do you like it?
You love me.
I love you.
THANKS.
Of course.
So. did you call him?
Non.
I'm afraid of saying the wrong thing.
Maybe.
Go see him.
Say the wrong thing.
That's part of the game.
Stop.
I'm happy to see you.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I'm glad to see you.
An Italian?
Yes.
It was Italian.
Well. Sono. I'm happy to see you speaking Italian too.
Listen. uh. we didn't have a perfect hello. and we certainly didn't have a perfect goodbye.
But perhaps it simply means that we are not perfect.
And maybe we just shouldn't be perfect together.
I would like that very much.
Hello again.
Here.
Good morning.
Nice haircut.
THANKS.
Okay. I messed up.
Rather miserably.
It doesn't matter.
Really ?
Everyone makes mistakes.
I am obviously very happy to hear that. although I am slightly shocked that you...
compromised your much-vaunted values ​​for my sake.
Yeah. well. you know. sometimes you have to.
Charlie thinks I'm hitchhiking.
I mean. honestly. it's fine.
Super.
How are you.
These other people were so mean to my French.
I was getting a little fed up with it.
Do you know that I called you?
Yes. I did it.
That's why I wrote it.
No. I mean. after you left Romwe the first time. I...
Did I call you?
Did you call me?
I called you.
Tu...
Oh yes. I remember.
I received a file from you.
Good blood.
No. I wanted us to be...
I thought we could be friends.
Non.
No. don't make that face.
It's not serious.
It was obviously too late now. wasn't it?
For what ?
Because I am persona non grata. that's why.
It's me.
So can I just say that you will have your chance to be what you want to be.
I don't know.
You know. Benji broke up with me.
It will be so difficult to find such a patron again.
You don't need him. or a fashion house. or a patron. or anything else.
You don't need...
Tu...
It's iconic.
Well. that's a nice compliment.
SO...
Hmm ?
Friends?
I don't want to hold your hand. but yes. friends.
What's wrong with my eyebrows?
Listen. it's not...
It's not fatal.
I'm going to take you somewhere. and it will be a transformation.
All right.
Thank you so much.
Enjoy.
No. they are.
I ordered them.
Don't judge me on my carbohydrate intake.
Just a little bit happy.
Don't you know that shared carbohydrates have no calories?
You know what?
I think so.
Jen. you have to stop.
You're a junior editor now.
But we're a good match.
I took the same thing as you. so I want to be like you.
THANKS.
Is that toast?
Beard ?
Yes. I found it in a thrift store.
The advertisement was misspelled.
A real bargain!
Oh. hi. you got the...
Yes. we went over budget.
That's cute.
You and me. together for the long term.
Like you said. fate is funny.
Yes. that's true.
Destiny. and a few well-placed tips for Jay Ravitz. yes.
With an excellent recommendation from me. of course.
All this time. you thought this job had fallen into your lap.
So cute.
Imagine. right here. right now.
Here is the latest case for assistance number one.
It's me.
THANKS.
Congratulations on your promotion. Mari.
I deserved it. didn't I?
Absolutely.
Congratulations.
THANKS.
Miranda Priestley's Bureau.
A draft of the main article for next month.
In print version.
THANKS.
It was nothing.
Anything else?
Not at the moment.
Go for it.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org